{% raw %} <tr><td><a href="StructureDefinition-ch-etoc-allergyintolerance.html">CH eTOC AllergyIntolerance</a> </td><td><p>Definition for the AllergyIntolerance resource in the context of electronic transition of care.</p>
</td><td></td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="StructureDefinition-ch-etoc-composition.html">CH eTOC Composition</a> </td><td><p>Definition for the Composition resource in the context of electronic transition of care.</p>
</td><td></td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="StructureDefinition-ch-etoc-condition.html">CH eTOC Condition</a> </td><td><p>Definition for the Condition resource in the context of electronic transition of care.</p>
</td><td></td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="StructureDefinition-ch-etoc-device.html">CH eTOC Device</a> </td><td><p>Definition for the Device resource in the context of electronic transition of care.</p>
</td><td></td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="StructureDefinition-ch-etoc-deviceobserver.html">CH eTOC DeviceObserver</a> </td><td><p>Definition for the DeviceObserver resource in the context of electronic transition of care.</p>
</td><td></td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="StructureDefinition-ch-etoc-deviceusestatement.html">CH eTOC DeviceUseStatement</a> </td><td><p>Definition for the DeviceUseStatement resource in the context of electronic transition of care.</p>
</td><td></td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="StructureDefinition-ch-etoc-diagnosticreport.html">CH eTOC DiagnosticReport</a> </td><td><p>Definition for the DiagnosticReport resource in the context of electronic transition of care.</p>
</td><td></td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="StructureDefinition-ch-etoc-document.html">CH eTOC Document</a> </td><td><p>Definition for the Document resource in the context of electronic transition of care.</p>
</td><td></td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="StructureDefinition-ch-etoc-immunization.html">CH eTOC Immunization</a> </td><td><p>Definition for the Immunization resource in the context of electronic transition of care.</p>
</td><td></td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="StructureDefinition-ch-etoc-medicationstatement.html">CH eTOC MedicationStatement</a> </td><td><p>Definition for the MedicationStatement resource in the context of electronic transition of care.</p>
</td><td></td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="StructureDefinition-ch-etoc-procedure.html">CH eTOC Procedure</a> </td><td><p>Definition for the Procedure resource in the context of electronic transition of care.</p>
</td><td></td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="StructureDefinition-ch-etoc-questionnaire.html">CH eTOC Questionnaire</a> </td><td><p>Definition for the Questionnaire resource in the context of electronic transition of care.</p>
</td><td></td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="StructureDefinition-ch-etoc-questionnaireresponse.html">CH eTOC QuestionnaireResponse</a> </td><td><p>Definition for the QuestionnaireResponse resource in the context of electronic transition of care.</p>
</td><td></td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="StructureDefinition-ch-etoc-servicerequest.html">CH eTOC ServiceRequest</a> </td><td><p>Definition for the ServiceRequest resource in the context of electronic transition of care.</p>
</td><td></td></tr>
{% endraw %}